ReferenceGrant for external auth service (#270)
kgateway-dev/kgateway.dev: content/docs/security/external-auth.md

Keep in mind that your external authorization service must conform to the [Envoy external auth proto](https://github.com/envoyproxy/envoy/blob/main/api/envoy/service/auth/v3/external_auth.proto). The external authorization service also configures the conditions for authorizing a request, such as the inclusion of a certain header or other credentials.
{{< /callout >}}

{{< callout type="info" >}}

> Note that in the following example, resources are created in the same namespace to simplify setup. For example, the external auth service and GatewayExtension are in the same `kgateway-system` namespace, and the TrafficPolicy, HTTPRoute, and backing Service for the sample app are in the same `httpbin` namespace. To create the resources in different namespaces, make sure that you set up a [Kubernetes ReferenceGrant](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/api-types/referencegrant/) from the GatewayExtension to the Services that back the external auth service. For more information and an example, see the [Missing TrafficPolicy](../../operations/debug/#trafficpolicy) troubleshooting docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that in the following example, resources are created in the same namespace to simplify setup. For example, the external auth service and GatewayExtension are in the same `kgateway-system` namespace, and the TrafficPolicy, HTTPRoute, and backing Service for the sample app are in the same `httpbin` namespace. To create the resources in different namespaces, make sure that you set up a [Kubernetes ReferenceGrant](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/api-types/referencegrant/) from the GatewayExtension to the Services that back the external auth service. For more information and an example, see the [TrafficPolicy not applied](../../operations/debug/#trafficpolicy) troubleshooting docs.
```

   EOF
   ```

> 3. Create a GatewayExtension resource that points to your external authorization Service. Note that the GatewayExtension is created in the same namespace as the external auth service. To use a different namespace, make sure that you set up a [Kubernetes ReferenceGrant](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/api-types/referencegrant/) from the GatewayExtension to the Services that back the external auth service. For more information and an example, see the [Missing TrafficPolicy](../../operations/debug/#trafficpolicy) troubleshooting docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Create a GatewayExtension resource that points to your external authorization Service. Note that the GatewayExtension is created in the same namespace as the external auth service. To use a different namespace, make sure that you set up a [Kubernetes ReferenceGrant](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/api-types/referencegrant/) from the GatewayExtension to the Services that back the external auth service. For more information and an example, see the [TrafficPolicy not applied](../../operations/debug/#trafficpolicy) troubleshooting docs.
```
